# YSCE-AircraftRefresh

This repository is used to store model and configuration data for aircraft that are part of the Stock Model Refresh program.

For details on what airframes are being added and/or modified, [please consult this Google Sheet.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Matr6fmgl9eA_kcahyLAjQDsGC_F0zWIhTi9eittGvM/edit?usp=sharing)

### **All model and configuration data must comply with the [YSCE Stock Model Refresh Program style guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BXhmkg_0rdULVwUq0pbr7c9Z6K1UnlEAAzdyY1QUxXc/edit?usp=sharing). Pull Requests that are found to be non-compliant will be subject to review for revisions, and if appropriate revisions are not made, the PR will be rejected.**

The current Project Lead is Decaff42. Please forward all SMRP requests to him via Github, YSFHQ or Discord. This repository was generated by Organization maintainer Nodoka Hanamura.

## Upload Guidelines

All models and configurations must be seperated based on model and configuration data. Model data is to be stored in YSCE-AircraftRefresh/models, under a folder that uses a A-Z, 0-9 short identifier that matches their stock internal name (i.e. a10, b747). If a stock internal name does not exist (for example, a new addition to the stock aircraft), consult with the project lead on what to identify the aircraft by if it is not already obvious (i.e. YF-23 should be yf23, Icon A5 should be icona5, etc.)

The same course is to be used for configuration files.

DNM and SRF files are to be treated as models.
IST and DAT files are to be treated as models.

DO NOT GENERATE AN LST. THIS WILL BE DONE WHEN PUSHING PACK(S) TO MASTER.
